all right hi everyone this is dan I'm
gonna show you how to use your
PlayStation 4 controller with h-hour so
let's go and get started all right I'm
just gonna go step by step basically
just go ahead and open Google type in D
s for Windows and it's gonna be the
first link the s for Windows by J's
2kings
alright it's not a virus or anything
it's just a legit program that someone
made to make the controller ps4
controller to work with the PC what
it'll do basically is emulate your ps4
controller as a 360 driver on your
computer so go ahead and open it go
ahead and open TS for windows IX e i
already have it installed so I can go
and install it open that and then let it
install its updates and everything and
once it's fully installed you're gonna
have this icon pop up on your desktop
it's called Diaz for windows a little
controller so alright I'm gonna put my
controller so you start alright
so when you open that up it's gonna say
no controllers detected whatever
whatever go ahead and use I think you
can use Bluetooth too if your computer
has a Bluetooth driver but I just use
the wire because it's easier and
probably better response time and it
doesn't die on me
so plug in your controller with the
cable they give you the ps4 you're gonna
get that noise probably and then you're
gonna get this show up it's going to
show the IDB controller the status if
it's plugged in or bluetooth battery
full whatever selected profile it's
gonna say default but we're gonna change
that because for me default wasn't
working go to profile well if you
haven't gotten here yet is probably
because your controller your windows
your computer is probably installing
drivers for Xbox 360 because you need to
have the 360 drivers in order to emulate
this so I way the computer can recognize
it
yeah so go to profile we're gonna start
a brand new one it's real simple once
you get the hang of it start a new
profile it's gonna have a bunch of crap
here that you don't really need to worry
about you're just gonna once your
controller is recognized it's easy from
there so I'm gonna press a button right
now on my controller the way this is
gonna work is whatever button I press I
gotta press the corresponding key on my
keyboard to what I want that button to
do so basically like if I press r1 right
now and I want r1 to shoot I'm gonna do
that I'm gonna press r1 this pops up
select an action for r1 I want that to
shoot so I would pick left mouse button
click this little left right here on top
of this picture of a mouse click that
so now r1 is going to shoot because
that's the key that you press on your
computer with HR so if I want Square to
be jump I'm gonna press square select an
action for square spacebar see I want
dive to be triangle go ahead and press
triangle same thing simple believe it's
X same thing for like maybe select-fire
I want that to be my left and I'll click
go ahead and press it
select an action for l3 Z and then
that's it like it's the same thing for
everything else you're gonna have to do
the same thing for your the analog
sticks so moving I want my left analog
stick to be the move so like I want to
move forward I'm gonna press up on my
left analog stick select an action for a
left stick up that would be W to move
forward
you get what I'm saying so it's the same
thing so just make sure you do it for
all directions as well
otherwise it's only gonna recognize
forward so you're gonna have to do down
on the left stick as well so that would
be s left will be a press the right left
stick to the right put D same stuff and
then do the same thing for the right
stick for when you aim so that one's
gonna press right stick up and then it's
gonna say is gonna show this little
picture I hear the mouse it's not these
it's this the ones on the outside edges
of the mouse so to aim up I want it to I
hope that would be moving my mouse
forward in the game so I'm gonna press
the arrow pointing up and then to aim
down I'm gonna push the right stick down
gonna pop up again and it's the same
thing so just keep doing that until you
completely a jet it to the way you like
it and everything and it should be
smooth sailing from there you'll be able
to just open this up and open each hour
and it'll automatically just start going
so so it's basically name your profile
then save it and then from now on so
when you open this program and you plug
your controller in you're gonna have the
same thing make sure you select a
profile whatever you named it test or
h-hour or whatever I have mine HR but I
just did I just named that last one test
but I already have my map down and
everything so I'm not gonna change it
once you do that you pretty much just go
ahead and open H our and start playing
once you start using a controller it
automatically will start doing the
actions that you you know uh binded it
with on your keyboard and that's as
simple as it is it worked good for me
and I actually enjoyed it and it also
had the vibration in the controller when
I shot so that was pretty cool cuz
actually helped give that old-school
type feel with gaming and controller
inverses
the whole PC thing it really felt weird
to me but I hope you guys found this
really helpful and enjoyed it so have
fun later